jaegerremote: Add WithSamplingStrategyFetcher option (#4045)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Add the new `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrgen` package to provide auto-generated source code instrumentation. (#3068, #3108)

> - Add `WithSamplingStrategyFetcher` which sets custom fetcher implementation. (#4045)

Reviewer: I am curious if you still need this functionality. You mentioned only the problem with panic in the PR description. If you do not need this functionality I would rather not add it and just have the fix for the panic.

Author: We use [httpmock](https://github.com/jarcoal/httpmock) which interferes with a default `http.Client`. To fix it we use custom HTTP Clients, e.g. in fetcher implementation. If that's no problem for you, let's leave it public.

### Fixed

> - Fixed panic when default HTTP round-tripper is not `*http.Transport` (#4045)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not panic when the default HTTP round-tripper is not `*http.Transport`. (#4045)
```

> - Do not panic when the default HTTP round-tripper is not `*http.Transport` (#4045)

Reviewer 2: Nit, but we finish our changelog entries with a dot.

```suggestion
- Do not panic when the default HTTP round-tripper is not `*http.Transport`. (#4045)
```

- Add `NewMiddleware` function in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp`. (#2964)
- The `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/exporters/autoexport` package to provide configuration of trace exporters with useful defaults and environment variable support. (#2753, #4100, #4130, #4132, #4134)
- `WithRouteTag` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` adds HTTP route attribute to metrics. (#615)

> - Add `WithSamplingStrategyFetcher` which sets custom fetcher implementation. Fixed panic when default HTTP round-tripper is not `*http.Transport` (#4045)

Reviewer: Can you move the entries to `Unreleased`?

Can you split it into two entries?

In `Added`:

```
- Add `WithSamplingStrategyFetcher` option in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/samplers/jaegerremote` which sets a custom fetcher implementation. (#4045)
```

In `Fixed`

```
- Fixed panic in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/samplers/jaegerremote` when default HTTP round-tripper `http.DefaultTransport` is not `*http.Transport`. (#4045)
```
